MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 Blinky - AI Safety Companion

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

CHILD SAFETY NOTICE:
This software is designed to help protect children online. While we strive for
accuracy in detecting harmful content, no automated system is perfect. This
tool should supplement, not replace, active parental supervision and open
communication about online safety.

EDUCATIONAL USE:
This project is intended for educational purposes and to promote child safety
online. Users are responsible for complying with applicable laws and
regulations in their jurisdiction.

PRIVACY COMMITMENT:
This software processes text content locally and does not collect, store, or
transmit personal data. All analysis is performed to enhance child safety and
digital literacy.